[Applause]
I think it's bad news for the SEO
game we're not publishing enough and
we're not ranking
enough it's coming home it's coming home
it's coming seo's coming home it's
coming home it's coming home it's coming
seo's coming home it's it's coming home
it's coming home it's coming seo's
coming home it's coming home it's coming
home it's coming seo's coming
home marketing seems to know the
score goog and Theo
before and he's so
sure see most spending Budget on webinar
leads that nobody needs but I know
there's a way cuz I remember people
still use Google
search organic leads to
cleaning out bounce s it
hurts never stop me
dreaming so many jokes so many
SN but but all those page ones so near
weigh it down through the
years but I still see those ads no one
clicks in those weird outbound tricks
organic search for the win and cells or
dancing people still use Google
search organic leads are
gleaming out about CS it
hurts never stop stops me
dreaming marketing have done it in the
last minute of the financial year SEO
got allocated
budgets good old marketing marketing
that couldn't drive good leads sales
have got it in the bag no that was then
but it could be
again it's coming home it's coming SEO
coming home it's coming home it's coming
home it's coming seo's coming home
marketing it on it it's coming home it's
coming home it's coming seo's coming
home it's coming home it's coming home
it's coming seo's coming
home people still use Google
search oh again Panic leads to
gleaming out B cells it
hurts never stop me
dreaming people still use Google
search organic Le to
cleaning how B cells it
hurts never stop me
dreaming people still use Google Search
organic lead to
cleaning out b s it
hurts never stop me
dreaming
seo
seo seo